Jared Mosley
Charles McNeil
Marco Serrano
Trevor Sakakini
Thomas Sowders

1.
    summary:
        This shouldnt have been done because it is dishonest to the customers (current and future)
        for the first one, the patch might not be applied if they think it is already safe
        for the second one, it is their responsibility to disclose the information
    a)
        1.04. Disclose to appropriate persons or authorities any actual or potential danger to the user, the public, or the environment, that they reasonably believe to be associated with software or related documents.
        1.06. Be fair and avoid deception in all statements, particularly public ones, concerning software or related documents, methods and tools.
    b)
        1.04. Disclose to appropriate persons or authorities any actual or potential danger to the user, the public, or the environment, that they reasonably believe to be associated with software or related documents.

2.
    summary:
        gift rules, that you know about should be followed whether or not it is your companies policy in the given situation
    a)
        do not take the gift
            4.04. Not engage in deceptive financial practices such as bribery, double billing, or other improper financial practices.
        tell your employer what happened
            6.09. Ensure that clients, employers, and supervisors know of the software engineer's commitment to this Code of ethics, and the subsequent ramifications of such commitment.
    b)
        tell the other person that it is not ethically correct
            7.01. Encourage colleagues to adhere to this Code.

3.
    summary:
        the person taking the spot shouldnt have done it if they had another choice, but the ends justify the means in this case
    Kantianism
        first formulation
            if everyone parked wherever they wanted, no one would ever buy the orange parking spot
    ACT Utilitarianism
        her getting the spot is more important than someone else getting the spot because she has an exam soon
        she can also still get fined for her actions
